left_hand clap
left_hand pat
left_foot step_on
left_hand grab camera
left_hand lift
right_arm push
left_foot tiptoe chainsaw
left_hand clap hand
left_hand pull
right_hand grab drum
right_hand pull
left_hand close
right_hand grab arm
left_foot step_on bench
head nod
left_foot tiptoe
left_hand others leg
left_hand grab hand
hip sit drum
left_arm carry
right_arm lift
hip sit couch
right_hand grab backpack
right_hand hold chainsaw
right_foot step_on
left_hand hold camera
right_hand catch
left_hand catch
left_hand grab
right_hand strike drum
hip sit wheelchair
head turn
right_hand hold hand
left_hand scratch
right_leg stand
right_hand others handbag
right_hand push
right_arm carry
left_hand tie
left_hand applaud
left_arm swing
left_hand push hand
left_leg stand
hip others
right_foot others
left_hand plug
hip sit bicycle
left_hand others backpack
left_arm hug
right_foot step_on bench
hip sit chainsaw
right_hand clap
hip others chainsaw
right_hand pat drum
right_arm bend head
right_leg bend
right_arm pull
right_leg run
right_hand smear drum
right_hand others head
left_hand grab handbag
left_leg run
left_hand grab plant
left_leg walk
right_hand others body
right_leg unbend
right_hand lug
right_hand pat
right_hand plug
right_hand hold
left_hand strike
left_hand push
hip sit
left_leg unbend
left_hand hold hand
left_arm push
left_hand hold accordion
right_hand grab
left_hand throw
right_arm swing
left_leg step
right_hand hold bottle
left_arm pull
hip turn
right_leg walk
left_hand peg
left_hand others drum
left_hand grab head
right_leg step
left_hand grab mobile_phone
right_hand grab book
right_arm bend drum
right_hand hold drum
left_hand strike drum
right_hand grab hand
left_hand put_down
left_leg bend
right_hand prick
left_arm unbend
left_hand others bicycle
head others
left_hand swing
left_hand hold
right_leg jump
right_hand catch mobile_phone
left_leg raise
left_hand others
left_hand hold drum
right_arm others
left_hand grab balloon
right_hand slice
right_leg kick
right_leg raise
left_arm lift
right_hand hold arm
right_hand lift
right_hand others leg
right_arm bend
left_foot others
left_leg others
right_hand grab head
right_hand bind
right_leg others
right_foot tiptoe
right_hand others
left_hand others head
left_foot step_on drum
left_hand grab book
left_hand grab flute
right_hand draw
right_hand others backpack
left_foot step_on chainsaw
right_leg crouch
left_leg kick
left_hand flip
right_hand grab handbag
right_hand scratch
right_hand swing
left_hand grab drum
right_hand strike
right_arm unbend
right_hand applaud
left_hand draw
hip sit bench
right_arm hug
head shake
left_arm bend
left_arm others
left_hand upturn
right_foot slide
right_hand grab camera
left_hand applaud drum
left_leg jump
right_hand clap hand
left_hand pat drum
right_hand grab flute
right_hand hold camera
right_hand hold accordion
head raise
left_leg crouch
