left_arm others ball
left_foot step_on
left_foot tiptoe
right_hand throw fruit
right_hand grab hat
right_arm others ball
right_hand hold ball
right_arm lift
left_hand throw fruit
right_foot step_on
right_hand catch
left_hand catch
left_hand grab
right_hand throw ball
head turn
right_leg stand
left_hand grab bottle
left_hand others hand
left_hand applaud
left_arm swing
left_leg stand
right_hand others hand
right_hand grab fruit
hip others
hip sit chainsaw
right_leg bend
right_hand others basketball
right_leg run
left_hand throw ball
left_leg run
left_leg walk
right_hand hold arrow
left_hand catch fruit
left_arm hug ball
right_leg unbend
right_hand hold
left_hand swing ball
left_leg unbend
hip sit
left_arm push
hip sit bed
right_hand swing ball
right_hand grab
left_hand throw
right_arm swing
left_foot slide
left_hand grab basketball
left_leg slide
hip turn
left_hand grab drink
right_leg walk
right_arm hug ball
right_leg step
right_hand grab ball
left_leg bend
left_arm unbend
left_hand swing
head others
left_hand hold
right_hand grab drink
right_leg jump
left_leg raise
right_hand grab arrow
right_arm others
left_hand others
right_leg raise
right_arm bend
left_hand hold ball
left_foot others
left_hand catch ball
right_hand throw
left_leg others
right_foot tiptoe
left_hand grab hat
right_hand others
right_hand catch ball
right_leg slide
right_hand grab basketball
right_leg crouch
left_hand grab fruit
right_hand catch fruit
right_hand swing
right_arm unbend
left_hand grab ball
right_hand applaud
right_hand push ball
right_foot slide skateboard
hip sit bench
left_arm bend
left_arm others
right_foot slide
left_leg jump
left_foot slide skateboard
head raise
left_leg crouch
